Revert "wanted" RPC field to integer, not bool (#5170)
transmission/transmission: docs/rpc-spec.md

| Key | Value Type | transmission.h source
|:--|:--|:--
| `bytesCompleted` | number | tr_file_view

> | `wanted` | number | tr_file_view (0,1 as boolean)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `wanted` | number | tr_file_view (**Note:** For backwards compatibility, this is serialized as an array of `0` or `1` that should be treated as booleans)
```

| `torrent-set` | :warning: **DEPRECATED** `trackerReplace`. Use `trackerList` instead.
| `group-set` | new method
| `group-get` | new method

> | `wanted` | warning: previously documented as an array of booleans; prior to 4.0.0, it was serialized as an array of 0 or 1. only 4.0.0 and 4.0.1 serialize as bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `wanted` | :warning: Transmission 3.00 and earlier sent this as an array of `0` or `1` despite being documented as an array of booleans. Transmission 4.0.0 and 4.0.1 "fixed" this by returning an array of booleans, but as a practical matter this caused an unannounced breaking change for 3rd party code that expects `0` or `1`. For this reason, 4.0.2 restores the 3.00 behavior and updates this spec to match the code.
```
